    The microtubule-based spindle orchestrates chromosome segregation during cell division. Following more than a century
 of study, many components and pathways contributing to spindle assembly have been described, but how the spindle
 robustly assembles remains incompletely understood. This process involves the self-organization of a large number
 of molecular parts - up to hundreds of thousands in vertebrate cells - whose local interactions give rise to a
 cellular-scale structure with emergent architecture, mechanics and function. In this Review, we discuss key concepts
 in our understanding of spindle assembly, focusing on recent advances and the new approaches that enabled them. We
 describe the pathways that generate the microtubule framework of the spindle by driving microtubule nucleation in
 a spatially controlled fashion and present/ recent ,insights regarding the organization of individual microtubules
 into structural modules. Finally, we discuss the emergent properties of the spindle that enable robust chromosome
 segregation
    The transmission of a complete set of chromosomes to daughter cells during cell division is vital for development
and tissue homeostasis. The spindle assembly checkpoint (SAC) ensures correct segregation by informing the cell
cycle machinery of potential errors in the interactions of chromosomes with spindle microtubules prior to anaphase.
To do so, the SAC monitors microtubule engagement by specialized structures known as kinetochores and integrates
local mechanical and chemical cues such that it can signal$# in a sensitive, responsive and robust manner. In this
Review, we discuss how SAC proteins interact to allow production of the mitotic checkpoint complex (MCC) that halts
anaphase progression by inhibiting the anaphase-promoting complex/cyclosome (APC/C). We highlight recent advances
aimed at understanding the dynamic signalling properties of the S^&*AC and how it interprets various naturally
occurring intermediate attachment states. Further, we discuss SAC signalling in the context of the mammalian
multisite kinetochore and address the impact of the fibrous corona. We also identify current challenges in
understanding how the SAC ensures high-fidelity chromosome segregation.
    Adult stem cells are important for mammalian tissues, where they act as a cell reserve that supports normal tissue
turnover and can mount a regenerative response following acute injuries. Quiescent stem cells are well established
 in certain tissues, such as skeletal muscle, brain, and bone marrow. The quiescent state is actively controlled
 and is essential for long-term maintenance of stem cell pools. In this Review, we discuss the importance of
 maintaining a functional pool of quiescent adult stem cells, including haematopoietic stem cells, skeletal
  muscle stem cells, neural stem cells, hair follicle stem cells, and mesenchymal stem cells such as
  fibro-adipogenic progenitors, to ensure tissue maintenance and repair. We discuss the molecular mechanisms
  that regulate the entry into, maintenance of, and exit from the quiescent state in mice. Recent studies
  revealed that quiescent stem cells have a discordance between RNA and protein levels, indicating the importance
  of post-transcriptional mechanisms, such as alternative polyadenylation, alternative splicing, and translation
  repression, in the control of stem cell quiescence. Understanding how these mechanisms guide stem cell function
  during homeostasis and regeneration has important implications for regenerative medicine.
