Joy in living comes from having fine emotions, trusting them, giving them the freedom of a bird in the open. Joy in
living can never be assumed as a pose, or put on from the outside as a mask. People who have this joy do not need to
talk about it; they radiate it. They just live out their joy and let it splash its sunlight and glow into other lives
as naturally as bird sings.
We can never get it by working for it directly. It comes, like happiness, to those who are aiming at something higher.
It is a byproduct of great, simple living. The joy of living comes from what we put into living, not from what we
seek to get from it.
There was a man who had four sons. He wanted his sons to learn not to judge things too quickly. So he sent them each
on a quest, in turn, to go and look at a pear tree that was a great distance away. The first son went in the winter,
the second in the spring, the third in the summer, and the youngest son in the fall.
When they had all gone and come back, he called them together to describe what they had seen. The first son said
that the tree was ugly, bent, and twisted. The second son said no--it was covered with green buds and full of promise.
The third son disagreed. He said it was laden with blossoms that smelled so sweet and looked so beautiful, and it was
the most graceful thing he had ever seen. The last son disagreed with all of them; he said it was ripe and drooping
with fruit, full of life and fulfillment.
The man then explained to his sons that they were all right, because they had each seen but one season in the tree's
life. He told them that they cannot judge a tree, or a person, by only one season, and that the essence of who they
are--and the pleasure, joy, and love that come from that life--can only be measured at the end, when all the seasons
are up.
If you give up when it's winter, you will miss the promise of your spring, the beauty of your summer, fulfillment
of your fall. Don't let the pain of one season destroy the joy of all the rest. Don't judge a life by one difficult
season.
As you travel through life there are always those times when decisions just have to be made when the choices are
hard, and solutions seem scarce and the rain seems to soak your parade!
